Update README to comply with Markdown Lint (#244)
metabrainz/musicbrainz-docker: README.md

* [Components version](#components-version)
* [Installation](#installation)
  * [Build Docker images](#build-docker-images)
  * [Create database](#create-database)
  * [Build materialized tables](#build-materialized-tables)
  * [Start website](#start-website)
  * [Set up search indexes](#set-up-search-indexes)
  * [Enable replication](#enable-replication)
  * [Enable live indexing](#enable-live-indexing)
* [Advanced configuration](#advanced-configuration)
  * [Local changes](#local-changes)
  * [Docker environment variables](#docker-environment-variables)
  * [Docker Compose overrides](#docker-compose-overrides)
* [Test setup](#test-setup)
* [Development setup](#development-setup)
  * [Local development of MusicBrainz Server](#local-development-of-musicbrainz-server)
  * [Local development of Search Index Rebuilder](#local-development-of-search-index-rebuilder)
  * [Local development of MusicBrainz Solr](#local-development-of-musicbrainz-solr)
* [Helper scripts](#helper-scripts)
  * [Recreate database](#recreate-database)
  * [Recreate database with indexed search](#recreate-database-with-indexed-search)
* [Update](#update)
* [Issues](#issues)

> <!-- tocstop -->

Reviewer: This list is generated using the following command:
```sh
markdown-toc -i --maxdepth 3 README.md
```

It _is valid for the `sublist` style_ according to the rule [MD004](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/main/doc/md004.md).

I would suggest to rather add a configuration file for `markdownlint` to match the existing/generated style.

Author: You're right, I'm adding a config file. Thanks!

Although as you mentioned the alternation of symbols would be allowed using `sublist`, the previous order (1st level dash, 2nd level asterisk) would force all 1st level lists to use asterisks:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8375708/233538948-c1df184c-a319-4539-9f85-296c4426e031.png)

What I'm going to do is to keep the alternation but changing the order to 1st asterisk 2nd dash.

Reviewer: The ToC can be generated to comply with this new style using [`markdown-toc`](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/markdown-toc)as follows:

```bash
markdown-toc -i --bullets='*' --bullets='-' --maxdepth 3 README.md
```

  (This option downloads 30GB of Zstandard-compressed archives from FTP.)

:warning: Search indexes are not included in replication.
You will have to rebuild search indexes regularly to keep it up-to-date. This can be done manually with the commands above, with Live Indexing (see below), or with a scheduled cron job. Here's an example cron job that can be added to your `etc/crontab` file from your server's root:

> ```bash
> 0 1 * * 7 YOUR_USER_NAME cd ~/musicbrainz-docker && /usr/bin/docker-compose exec -T indexer python -m sir reindex
> ```

Reviewer: It’s much better to have it in a code block indeed, but it’s not a shell quote.
It should not be mislabeled as `bash` even though it makes it less colorful.

```suggestion
```crontab
0 1 * * 7 YOUR_USER_NAME cd ~/musicbrainz-docker && /usr/bin/docker-compose exec -T indexer python -m sir reindex
```
```

Author: Woops my bad! Will change that.

   admin/setup-amqp-triggers install
   ```

3. [Build search indexes](#set-up-search-indexes)

>    either if it has not been built
>    or if it is outdated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   if they either have not been built or are outdated.
```

And a bit above, "Make indexer goes through" -> "Make indexer go through" :)

```

The two differences are:

1. Sample data dump is downloaded instead of full data dumps,
2. MusicBrainz Server runs in standalone mode instead of mirror mode.

> [Build search indexes](#set-up-search-indexes) and

Reviewer: Good catch! :+1:

```

> The four differences are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only differences are:
```
(there's seven! and we probably don't want to update the number every time we change this)

Reviewer: Good catch, but it’s not exhaustive either.
```suggestion
The main differences are:
```

1. Sample data dump is downloaded instead of full data dumps,
2. MusicBrainz Server runs in standalone mode instead of mirror mode,

> 3. development mode is enabled (but Catalyst debug),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Development mode is enabled (but Catalyst debug),
```
